docs: update Flex robot and instrument cleaning instructions (#18902)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/flex-manual/docs/maintenance-service.md

1. Remove the waste chute from its deck plate adapter.
2. Dampen a soft, clean cloth or paper towel with a cleaning solution.
3. Gently wipe down the exterior of the chute. The interior is powder-coated steel, so you can clean it with mild detergents or surfactants.
4. Rinse off any remaining residue using a cloth dampened with distilled water.
5. Let the waste chute air dry and reattach it to the deck.

## Cleaning pipettes and tips

To clean a 1-, 8-, or 96-channel pipette:

1. Remove the pipette from the gantry.

> 1. Dampen a soft, clean cloth or paper towel with a cleaning solution.

Reviewer: We don't have to make the change here, but the process of reviewing this change makes me want to _not_ use lazy list numbering in our markdown source. From [the original description of Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/):
> The overriding design goal for Markdown’s formatting syntax is to make it as readable as possible. The idea is that a Markdown-formatted document should be publishable as-is, as plain text

So here, if I'm not especially worried about the output formatting, I should be able to read these steps in the GitHub diff, and be able to easily see which is, say, step 4. But instead I have to count it off in my head, or rely on the formatted output.

Author: We have a disagreement then regarding these types of lists. That you can use 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 and have a nice sequenced list is an elegant feature. It's automating a tedious part of writing and allows us to focus on the instructions rather than on this code style (which is perfectly valid).

However, I can see that from a collaboration standpoint, it can be tricky, annoying, or require more effort to compare changes in a diff. I will try to stop, but have been writing lists using this method for so long it's now almost an autonomic process.  

Regarding the intent of Markdown itself, well, I'm sure we're breaking or bending all sorts of rules for this code throughout all our docs. I'll just end by quoting those Spanish colonial rulers in the New World who often replied to the monarch with, "obedezco pero no cumplo."

Author: Changed to numbered lists.  😢

1. Gently wipe down the following parts:
    - Body
    - Ejector
    - Nozzles
1. Rinse off any remaining residue using a cloth dampened with distilled water.
1. Let the pipette air dry and reattach.

> 1. Reattach the pipette. During reattachment, you'll be prompted to recalibrate the pipette. This is optional, but recommended.

Reviewer: "reattach" in two consecutive steps. pick just one.

Reviewer: it looks like similar lists below put reattach in the step after air dry.

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Inspect working area</td>
      <td>Clear the deck of any debris, liquid, or no-longer-needed labware. Check that the plastic labware clips are not damaged.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Weekly</td>
      <td>Clean surfaces</td>
      <td>Clean the exterior surfaces of the deck, gantry, windows, instruments, and other hardware, as described above.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Monthly</td>
      <td>Power cycle</td>
      <td>Turn off Flex and all connected modules. Then turn them back on.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="3">Every six months</td>
      <td>Inspect pipettes</td>
      <td>Inspect the O-rings on the pipette nozzles for signs of wear (notches, deformation). Replace the O-rings with the provided spares, if needed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Inspect gripper</td>
      <td>Inspect the rubber pads on the gripper paddles. Replace the gripper paddles with the provided spares, if needed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Recalibrate instruments</td>
      <td>Run recalibration for the pipettes and gripper.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Yearly</td>
      <td>Evaluate pipette performance</td>

>       <td>Evaluate the overall performance of your Flex pipettes. Replace any pipette that is not performing according to the <a href="pipette-specifications">published accuracy and precision standards</a>.</td>

Reviewer: Broken link. Leave as it was, as an autoref style link with the `markdown` attribute in the parent HTML tags.

The valid relative URL would be `../system-description/#pipette-specifications`, but when we refactor the Flex manual chapters, that link would break again. Autorefs avoids this as long as we keep the header name "Pipette specifications".

Author: Restored autoref style, but it is not rendering in the browser. Could be my branch doesn't have `autorefs` and this gets implemented later.

Also, adding an anchor to Preventative Maintenance `### Preventative maintenance { #preventative-maintenance }` because that future-proofs the link in case the section header text changes (autorefs use the header to make the ID).

    <tr>
      <td>Yearly</td>
      <td>Evaluate pipette performance</td>

>       <td markdown>Evaluate the overall performance of your Flex pipettes. Replace any pipette that is not performing according to the [published accuracy and precision standards][Pipette specifications].</td>

Reviewer: OK, this is a little thornier than I thought. To get an autoref link (or any markdown link) working here, you have to specify the `markdown` attribute in all the parent tags. So `<table markdown>`, `<tbody markdown>`, `<tr markdown>`. But then you _cannot_ indent tags, because in markdown indentation indicates a code block. So that's pretty ugly.

The more elegant way is the HTML link, even though we may break it in the future. So be it, we will eventually add in some tests to catch such things!
```suggestion
      <td>Evaluate the overall performance of your Flex pipettes. Replace any pipette that is not performing according to the <a href="../system-description/#pipette-specifications">published accuracy and precision standards</a>.</td>
```
